README.md, before:

# MessageMedia Ruby SDK

This library provides a simple interface for sending and receiving messages using the [MessageMedia SOAP API](http://files.message-media.com.au/docs/MessageMedia_Messaging_Web_Service.pdf).

The following actions have been implemented:

  * sendMessages
  * checkUser
  * checkReplies
  * checkReports
  * confirmReplies
  * confirmReports

## Requirements

The MessageMedia SOAP API requires a recent Ruby (at least 1.9.3). Other dependencies can be installed using bundler:

    bundle install

## Installation

This library is not yet available as a pre-built Ruby gem, but you can build it locally using the following command:

    gem build messagemedia.gemspec

This will produce a file called 'messagemedia-0.6.0.gem', which can then be installed:

    gem install messagemedia-0.6.0.gem

You can run the unit tests using Rake:

    rake test

## Usage

### Initialise the client

Initialise the client using your MessageMedia username and password:

    require 'messagemedia'

    client = Messagemedia::SOAP::Client.new(YOUR_USERNAME, YOUR_PASSWORD)

### Send Messages

To send a single message:

    client.send_message(<TO_NUMBER>, <MESSAGE>, <MESSSAGE_ID>)

To send multiple messages:

    # Construct the first Message object
    message1 = Messagemedia::SOAP::Message.new
    message1.content = "Content of Message"
    message1.delivery_report = true
    message1.origin = "My Company"
    message1.add_recipient(FIRST_MESSAGE_ID, TO_NUMBER)

    # Construct the second Message object
    message2 = Messagemedia::SOAP::Message.new
    message2.content = "Content of Message"
    message2.delivery_report = false
    message2.origin = "My Company"
    message2.add_recipient(SECOND_MESSAGE_ID, TO_NUMBER)

    client.send_messages([message1, message2])

### Other Actions

Check out 'example.rb' in the 'bin' directory to see examples of how you can use the other actions provided by this SDK.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from our users. Contributing is easy:

  1.  Fork this repo
  2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
  3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
  4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
  5.  Create a Pull Request

Commit message:

Rename gem to 'messagemedia-soap'.

README.md, after:

# MessageMedia Ruby SDK

This library provides a simple interface for sending and receiving messages using the [MessageMedia SOAP API](http://files.message-media.com.au/docs/MessageMedia_Messaging_Web_Service.pdf).

The following actions have been implemented:

  * sendMessages
  * checkUser
  * checkReplies
  * checkReports
  * confirmReplies
  * confirmReports

## Installation

The messagemedia-soap Gem can be installed from Rubygems:

    gem install messagemedia-soap

## Usage

### Initialise the client

Initialise the client using your MessageMedia username and password:

    require 'messagemedia-soap'

    client = Messagemedia::SOAP::Client.new(YOUR_USERNAME, YOUR_PASSWORD)

### Send Messages

To send a single message:

    client.send_message(<TO_NUMBER>, <MESSAGE>, <MESSSAGE_ID>)

To send multiple messages:

    # Construct the first Message object
    message1 = Messagemedia::SOAP::Message.new
    message1.content = "Content of Message"
    message1.delivery_report = true
    message1.origin = "My Company"
    message1.add_recipient(FIRST_MESSAGE_ID, TO_NUMBER)

    # Construct the second Message object
    message2 = Messagemedia::SOAP::Message.new
    message2.content = "Content of Message"
    message2.delivery_report = false
    message2.origin = "My Company"
    message2.add_recipient(SECOND_MESSAGE_ID, TO_NUMBER)

    client.send_messages([message1, message2])

### Other Actions

Check out 'example.rb' in the 'bin' directory to see examples of how you can use the other actions provided by this SDK.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from our users. Contributing is easy:

  1.  Fork this repo
  2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
  3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
  4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
  5.  Create a Pull Request
